in Corinthians before calling the voice of
in addition to the first theme of the program
a long delayed boring meeting
Long I am against
the santana telê said to me kajuru in
soccer meeting passed 15 minutes
turn barbecue
this from the corinthians barbecue without stopping
friend to that tite who is man man
of shame on the face
the tite handed the charge arrived on
board delivered the charge
I do not want to stay, suddenly I am the
I'm leaving, I'm getting out of trouble.
especially those who betray those who
Wanna a hand, menezes, call your hand.
for you guys bring somebody
Hand hands and we'll see if a hand
Save the Corinthians, the will have to change
The hymn or anthem must save the
corinthians have to change
The thing is ugly but fortunately.
common sense prevailed and
decided for the stay of the tite now
people
the question of corinthians is simple you
Dismiss you dismiss the tite you
crucify the tite and think that now a
coach would solve the problem
Please, it's too obvious, neither football
and grass-roots football there is neither
amateur football
back there the corinthians did not keep the
tite in sad moment
at the moment called tolima of mexico that
man did not win everything after the
elimination in the liberators of america
he unlearned as a technician
corinthians board know
recognize your mistakes